ive been thinking about making myself do crazy 16-hour programming binges (basically lonely hackathon) to be productive

ok which door am I even supposed to go in to get into this career fair?

while all you do is talk down to people and act like a sarcastic child

mean

You won’t be able to test private methods directly. If you are testing for your own debugging purposes, you can make the method temporarily public if you like. But be sure to make it private again and remove the related tests before you turn it in.

i already read about it on reddit

People get upset when those with power use it and tend to call it abuse. The fact of the matter is that I created this server with the intention of having a place for CS students to come and feel welcome. Not be made fun of constantly and have shade thrown at them. Especially not by those that I entrust with administrator permissions. You can continue to play the victim card all you want, but there is a very long paper trail of evidence that shows you constantly displaying behavior that is not conducive to making people feel welcome. I have had four people come to me in person and tell me that they refuse to be a part of the server because of how constantly toxic it is, especially to new people and people new to CS in general. Your name has been stated several times as one of the people that makes others feel unwelcome. I gave you administrator permissions in the hope that you'd grow up a little bit and take some responsibility in helping maintain the server during times that I cannot. You've not changed in the slightest. It bothers me and it should bother you that @xEden a freshman who was apointed as an admin at the same time as you were has made a much larger contribution to the server while being exponetially more mature than you. At the same time, @milσ has constantly answered questions and been extremely kind to server members while all you do is talk down to people and act like a sarcastic child.

SMASH THAT LIKE BUTTON.

To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand fundies 1. The templates are extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of abstraction most of the benefits will go over a typical code monkey’s head. There’s also Mattias's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his handins server- his personal code style draws heavily from John Von Newmann, for instance. The accelerated studentes understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these recipies, to realise that they’re not just uesful- they say something deep about PROGRAMMING. As a consequence people who dislike fundies 1 truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn’t appreciate, for instance, the field accesors in Mattias’s existential struct “make-posn,” which itself is a cryptic reference to Euclid of Alexandria's The Elements. I’m smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Mislove’s genius wit unfolds itself on the overhead projection. What fools.. how I pity them. :joy:  And yes, by the way, i DO have a Racket tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It’s for the ladies’ eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they’re within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid :sunglasses:
